mama will we ever find our new home this
is such a long journey and I'm getting
tired mama and my paws are so sore are
we there yet it looks like mama kissy
might have spotted the perfect home a
nice shady spot next to the riverbank it
looks like a great home but how are we
ever going to get up there and how will
we cross the river oh good job mama
my turn mmm I'm not sure about this oh
my paws are oh wait made it mama
come on pakka
look at mama climb in the very steep
Bank Wow
that's a long way up it's so high
well done pakka
you're such a great climber too is it
fun up there don't forget me mama I'm
going to climb up to
I'm doing it I such a steep climb Wow
what a fantastic view this is a great
home there's lots of grass for us to
play and hiding and no one can see us
here
finally the leopards have found their
perfect new home
what an adventurous day Roger